Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#778)
Codecademy/docs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

- We require at least two round of reviews from the [content team members](https://github.com/codecademy/docs#-content-team). Make sure to make the changes after each round.
- Requested changes must be resolved before merging.
- Your entry will be deployed within the hour after it's merged!

> - Read the [Codecademy Markdown Guide](https://curriculum-documentation.codecademy.com/content-guidelines/markdown-style-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to the [Codecademy Markdown Style Guide](https://curriculum-documentation.codecademy.com/content-guidelines/markdown-style-guide/).
```
